github: issue template: borrow templates from zephyr project (#114)
zephyrproject-rtos/gsoc-2022-thrift: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report

> about: Create a report to help us improve Zephyr

Reviewer: maybe

```suggestion
about: Create a report to help us improve Thrift module
```
